doc: Add Datacake integration guide (#2717)
TheThingsNetwork/lorawan-stack: doc/content/integrations/webhooks/cloud-integrations/datacake/tts-setup/_index.md

---
title: "Creating a Webhook"
description: ""
weight: 2
---

After finishing Datacake setup, make a Webhook integration on {{% tts %}} with these steps.

<!--more-->

>Note: this section follows the [HTTP Webhooks]({{< ref "/integrations/webhooks" >}}) guide. 

Fill in the **Webhook ID** field and choose **JSON** for **Webhook format**. 

Next, you need to add an **Authorization** header, whose value will consist of the word "Token" and your [API token](https://docs.datacake.de/api/generate-access-token) from Datacake.

> According to the **Webhook Settings** information that can be found in the **Configuration** tab on Datacake, the **Base URL** value needs to be `https://api.datacake.co/integrations/lorawan/tti/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Per the **Webhook Settings** information that can be found in the **Configuration** tab on Datacake, set the **Base URL** value to `https://api.datacake.co/integrations/lorawan/tti/`.
```
